Update the hardening guides for rancher 2.7 (#453)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/rancher-security/hardening-guides/rke1-self-assessment-guide-with-cis-v1.23-k8s-v1.25.md

---
title: RKE Self-Assessment Guide - CIS Benchmark v1.23 - K8s v1.25
---

#### Overview

This document is a companion to the [RKE Hardening Guide](rke1-hardening-guide.md). The hardening guide provides prescriptive guidance for hardening a production installation of Rancher, and this benchmark guide is meant to help you evaluate the level of security of the hardened cluster against each control in the benchmark.

> This guide corresponds to specific versions of Rancher, CIS Benchmark and Kubernetes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is a companion to the [RKE Hardening Guide](rke1-hardening-guide.md), which provides prescriptive guidance on how to harden a production instance of Rancher. This benchmark guide helps you evaluate the security of a hardened cluster against each control in the benchmark.
			
This guide corresponds to the following versions of Rancher, CIS Benchmarks, and Kubernetes:
```

This document is to be used by Rancher operators, security teams, auditors and decision makers.

For more detail about each audit, including rationales and remediations for failing tests, you can refer to the corresponding section of the CIS Kubernetes Benchmark v1.23. You can download the benchmark, after creating a free account, in [Center for Internet Security (CIS)](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes/).

#### Testing controls methodology

Rancher and RKE install Kubernetes services via Docker containers. Configuration is defined by arguments passed to the container at the time of initialization, not via configuration files.

Where control audits differ from the original CIS benchmark, the audit commands specific to Rancher are provided for testing. When performing the tests, you will need access to the command line on the hosts of all RKE nodes. The commands also make use of the [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) (with a valid configuration file) and [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) tools, which are required in the testing and evaluation of test results.

:::note

> Only `automated` tests (previously called `scored`) are covered in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks through the various controls and provide updated example commands to audit compliance in Rancher created clusters. Because Rancher and RKE install Kubernetes services as Docker containers, many of the control verification checks in the CIS Kubernetes Benchmark don't apply. These checks will return a result of `Not Applicable`.
	
	This document is for Rancher operators, security teams, auditors and decision makers.
	
	For more detail about each audit, including rationales and remediations for failing tests, refer to the corresponding section of the CIS Kubernetes Benchmark v1.23. You can download the benchmark, after creating a free account, at [Center for Internet Security (CIS)](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes/).
	
## Testing Methodology
	
Rancher and RKE install Kubernetes services via Docker containers. Configuration is defined by arguments passed to the container during initialization, not via configuration files.
		
Where control audits differ from the original CIS benchmark, the audit commands specific to Rancher are provided for testing. 
		
When you perform the tests, you'll need access to the command line on the hosts of all RKE nodes. The commands also use the [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) (with a valid configuration file) and [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) tools, which are required for both testing and the evaluation of test results.
		
:::note
		
This guide only covers `automated` (previously called `scored`) tests.
```
